It's important to understand notation.
You might not even know it,
but you use notation all the time.
Consider this example of five plus three.
Plus is an English word.
This symbol is notation, and it's universal.
Notation is a common math language used to communicate.
Regardless of whether you speak English, Spanish, Greek,
or any other language,
you can work together using notation as a common language to solve problems.
Like learning any new language,
notation can be frightening at first.
But it's an essential tool for communicating ideas associated with data.
We will work together through some examples to assure you completely master this concept.